okay Steve tell me about your little
Chevy here we have 55 Chevy 210 it's a
hundred percent rust free never had rust
never been in an accident
one repaint hey everything on the cars
pretty much all original there's been a
few items have been replated
let's go six-cylinder with the two speed
once again all original cars 100%
unmolested frame alarms are perfect it's
got as you can tell it's got torque
thrust 15 6 D's in the front 15 eight
and a half straight spokes in the rear
the rear ends been narrowed
approximately an inch on both sides its
stock rear in I retain the stock housing
for somebody if they want to put it all
back to stock along with the stock axles
you see here what else can I tell you
interior Delray interior dash is uncut
as you can tell on the slides all the
bright work is good well look inside
here and take a peek in there you go and
as you can tell it's got all you know
all the right
dito no carpet just everything's the
only thing I can tell is just the cars
just untouched it's just a good original
survivor car then how's it been beat up
as you can tell all the interior trim
and all that's all original never been
painted never been replated any of that
the car kind of speaks for itself
as you can tell you know everything's in
good shape you've got these look into
the Roadster Show yeah I just took daily
roads for show a lot of comments and a
lot of people liking on it um just a
good car just I'm sure let's take peek
straight-6 Lex said all their untouched
thing runs cool runs extremely smooth
goes down the road sixty miles an hour
no problem just a good old dependable
motor if you know anything about these
things they pretty much last forever
they're they're bulletproof I've never
done one with a six yeah it's just a
good good good car and let me shut this
off for a signal we'll get it running
okay Steve fired up Wow
it's like a sewing machine
awesome
great that's super well my name is Dave
Henry and if you care to give me a call
and make an offer on this fine Chevy I'd
sure appreciate it my cell phone is
eight oh five seven oh five four nine
two four that's eight oh five seven oh
five four nine two four and please visit
my website which is spoke motors comm
that spoke SP oke motors MOT ORS calm
thank you very much for tuning in